---
layout: post
title: "Sprint 2"
---

This week has been one of massive productivity (and plenty of train journeys to waste programming) - I have managed to finish my Sprint 2 in under 4 days! This included 3 bug fixes, 3 enhancements and 1 refactoring job.

## Bug fixes

The bug fixes included a couple of backwards compatible issues with iOS 7. One of which was due to the fact that iOS 7 doesn't handle Frameworks like iOS 7 does, so I followed suit and changed Alamofire to be a frameworkless framework. This has yet to cause any namespace collisions, but I now have to be careful about what I do.

The other iOS 7 bugfix was down to graphical interface. As soon as I opened the application, it would shrink down by a large margin both bottom and top. After a quick google, I found out that iOS 8 handles splash screens by creating NIBs, instead of the splash screen picture that always used to exist. Creating a LaunchPicture in the assets folder and linking it to the build resolved the issues there.

However, that led onto another issue. The application would crash unexpectantly when loading, spewing a stack trace to do with UIKit placement, with the error message `Unable to create description in descriptionForLayoutAttribute_layoutItem_coefficient. Something is nil`. This was down to an autocreated constraint found within the BNF custom tableview cell I created, but it was hard to debug and ended up reverting a lot of code using `git bisect` to find where the issue was inserted.

## Enhancements

I knocked off a couple of new features, including:

* Adding images to the drug name if dictated by the XML
* Inserting drug other names after the drug name in the tree and the drug info page
* Adding links to the DrugInfo page

With the adding links, I found that there are two different links that a product can have, including weblinks and documents, so I wrote the code with that generic usecase in mind, using protocols and `@objc` wrappers to allow for the java-esque interface object.

## Refactored

Last but not least, I refactored the BNF parser to use Enums for field names, to tidy up the code, while leveraging some of swift's awesome features, such failable instansiation, raw value enums and short syntax for switching over enums
